Update sensitive-information-type-learn-about.md to include a note for customers moving from existing number based system to upgraded confidence levels (#4345)
MicrosoftDocs/microsoft-365-docs: microsoft-365/compliance/sensitive-information-type-learn-about.md

You should use high confidence level patterns with low counts, say five to ten, and low confidence patterns with higher counts, say 20 or more.

> [!NOTE]

> > If you have existing policies or custom SITs defined using number based confidence levels(also know as accuracy), then they will automatically be mapped to the three discrete confidence levels - low confidence, medium confidence & high confidence across the SCC UI.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> If you have existing policies or custom sensitive information types (SITs) defined using number-based confidence levels (also know as accuracy), they will automatically be mapped to the three discrete confidence levels; low confidence, medium confidence, and high confidence, across the Security @ Compliance Center UI.
```

> > - All policies with min accuracy or custom SIT patterns with confidence levels between 76 & 100 will be mapped to high confidence. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> - All policies with minimum accuracy or custom SIT patterns with confidence levels of between 76 and 100 will be mapped to high confidence. 
```

> > - All policies with min accuracy or custom SIT patterns with confidence levels between 66 & 75 will be mapped to medium confidence.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> - All policies with minimum accuracy or custom SIT patterns with confidence levels of between 66 and 75 will be mapped to medium confidence.
```

> > - All policies with min accuracy or custom SIT patterns with confidence levels less than equal to 65 will be mapped to low confidence. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> - All policies with minimum accuracy or custom SIT patterns with confidence levels less than or equal to 65 will be mapped to low confidence. 
```
